Yellow, red, green, blue— those were the colors that made up Mrs. Todoroki’s memories.
Laughter, a happy glowing yellow, once filled her home from time to time. It spread from mother to child and drowned out all other dark colors that prowled in the shadowed corners of the Todoroki household.
The brilliant yellow was always followed by other colors— reds, blues, and greens. All together, they created a loving and peaceful comfort that flowed like waterfalls from the hearts of Mrs. Todoroki and her dear family. These colors, they were symbols of a happy house. A happy house was what Mrs. Todoroki had hoped hers would one day become but sadly, her dream was only that— a dream.
Mrs. Todoroki sat by the window of her room but did not stare out into the garden below or the clouds in the sky. Her eyes were shut, mind somewhere deep inside her head. There, she was surrounded by a scatter of endless color.
That scatter of color was because of her condition— a condition caused by traumatic experiences that caused her own mind to collapse in on itself. Her memories were no longer considered normal. She couldn't see her children's sweet smiles or her husband’s boot crashing towards her ribs. All she could see were swirls of color.
“Mrs. Todoroki?” Her doctor— a soft orange— pressed a hand to her shoulder. “You have visitors.”
“Visitors?”
A moment of panic thrummed through her chest and her mangled memories zoomed right before her eyes. She saw blood red swallow a fading white— an image that haunted her night and day.
“Your son,” the doctor reassured quickly with a sad smile. “He’s brought a friend too.”
“Son?”
The door clicked open again and Mrs. Todoroki turned from the window to see her new visitors.
A boy— half red and half white— stood silently by the door.
A mix of white and red flickered somewhere deep within Mrs. Todoroki’s mind as she stared at the boy. For a split second, the mix of color thrummed with life and joy in the dark but in the next second, it was snuffed out by a bubbling black.
Tears built in the corners of Mrs. Todoroki’s eyes as she slowly remembered. “My— my son,” she croaked. “My boy—”
A small smile eased over her baby’s lips. “Hey, Mom,” he said softly and he held up a bouquet colored in yellow. “Brought you some new flowers.”
“I'll toss out the old ones from last week,” the doctor reassured and he scooped up a vase of dead yellow flowers from Mrs. Todoroki's bedside desk. “Give me a shout if you need anything,” he called over his shoulder and in the next second, he was gone.
Space was something Mrs. Todoroki greatly appreciated. After years of being cooped up with no word from her family, she yearned to have these blessed moments to herself.
Her son felt the same.
“Do you remember me?”
Mrs. Todoroki stared at her son, mapping the curves of his face and the raw emotion glittering in his eyes.
No, she didn't remember him. At least, not like she used to. His face, his words, his actions— they weren't physical things that played in her memories like a movie clip. They were instead compressed and transformed into an ever-changing ball of color. Every memory of hers, every person she's met, every feeling she’s ever had had its own vibrant or sometimes dull shade of color.
Her son sighed when she didn't answer but his smile stayed on his face as he stepped to the side. To his mother’s surprise, there was a boy standing behind him. He had freckles and a nervous smile on his lips but those pieces of him Mrs. Todoroki would never remember. No, instead, all she would remember was the powerful green color that was slowly building in her mind.
“Hello,” she greeted. “Are you a friend of my son’s?”
“Best friend,” her boy corrected and he placed a hand on the other boy’s shoulder. “Mom, this is— ” he stopped, teeth biting his lip.
Mrs. Todoroki didn’t have to ask why her son had stopped. Memories weren’t the same for her. Thoughts, feelings— those could be turned into color but the name of her son or his best friend? Well, that was sometimes too difficult for her at times.
It wasn’t her fault her memories were as they were. She knew this but she still couldn’t help but hate herself— her own mind. It had only tried to protect itself after the traumatic day that had finally pushed her to snap. Her mind had torn apart her memories, giving her simple shapes of color to view over the disgusting images of constant abuse and her baby boy’s burning face. However, it had gone too far and now each day was a struggle not only for Mrs. Todoroki but her family as well.
“Shouto...” The nameless boy touched Mrs. Todoroki’s son. His fingers smoothed through Shouto’s hair with a gentle caress and he whispered something softly into the boy’s ear. With that touch and those gentle words, Shouto’s muscles relaxed and the colors in his mother's head suddenly started to glow with warmth.
“He’s the boy that makes you happy,” Mrs. Todoroki finished for her son as she watched the gentle and loving display. “I’ll remember that.”
Her son rubbed at his eyes. “Thanks, mom,” he sniffled.
Mrs. Todoroki stood from her chair and walked over to her son. She wrapped her arms around her boy’s strong frame, pulling him into a tight embrace. “Oh, Shouto,” she hummed, his name finally coming back to her. “I've missed you, baby.”
“Missed you too, Mom.” Shouto pulled back a little and searched her eyes. “They're still treating you alright here?”
“Yes,” she reassured. “I'm safe, Shouto.” She pulled her boy back into a hug, this time managing to grab his friend and drag him in too. The boy that glowed a comforting green in her memories now laughed and held onto his friend and Mrs. Todoroki with all his might and love.
Good days, bad days— they came and went for Shouto’s mother. With each of Shouto’s many visits, however, those bad days were thankfully becoming less and less. One day, maybe sometime in the far future with Shouto and his new friend’s help, she’d finally recover and finally look at her baby boy’s face and remember that darling smile.
