“Hard to believe someone who rescued all those people would lose like this.”
Tohru Adachi stared down at the kid who’d been fucking up his plans for the better part of a year. It wasn’t his preferred way of getting a girl into his apartment, what with the apartment being a bastardized, TV World version of itself. But the girl? His boss’s niece? That’s fine. And she was collapsed, basically helpless, on his floor? Even better.
He wedged the toe of his shoe under her cheek and lifted it slightly, forcing her to meet his eyes. But she kept them on the floor.
“Look at me, Seta. I haven’t hurt you that bad,” he joked. Yet.
She complied. It wasn’t worth putting up a fight at this point.
“‘Atta girl. See how easy things are when you do what you’re told?” His voice stayed superficially saccharine, but his smile was cruel. He jerked his foot out from under her head, letting it drop to the floor with a brain-rattling thud. Seta whimpered upon impact and covered her head with her arms, shaking. “That was for earlier.”
She was a sight to see lying there, hanks of silvery hair hanging over her face. One of her braids had started to come undone, but Adachi was more interested in her school-issue skirt, which, dazed as she was, somehow stayed in its proper place above her knees. Christ, could she be more of a tease?
“I hear from Dojima-san that you’re a smart kid. You a fast learner?”
He rewarded her silence with a swift kick to the ribs.
“Not that fast, I guess,” he sighed. “Anyway, you should’ve figured out what you’ve gotten yourself into by now, right?”
Pause for effect. God, she really had the kind of face that makes you want to ruin it. An undignified grunt served as her response.
“Sounds like a yes to me. I knew you were smart,” he sneered. “But I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt and tell you what I want you to do for me.”
Adachi spun a dilapidated folding chair around and fell onto it without grace. Seta’s eyes welled with tears as she made to crawl towards him.
“That’s a good girl,” he murmured, fumbling with his belt. He rested one leg on the top of her head, dirtying her silky hair. “But I think you’re being a little eager. A man doesn’t like it when women are easy, you know, Seta- chan .” It felt good to address her like the brat he saw in front of him. “It makes him feel less special.”
As he patronized her, he made a show of grinding his foot into her temple, pushing her skull against the filthy floor. After a moment of thought, he settled his crossed ankles on the curve of her waist, digging the heel of his shoe between her ribs—at least it eased up the pressure on her cheekbone. Seta adjusted her head slightly.
“A personal footstool, though? Now, that’s special. Not every guy has a girl who’ll sink that low for him. Literally!” He snorted. No response. Whatever, it was a solid joke . “Anyway, you can stay there for a bit, Seta, until you convince me to let you do otherwise.”
He was high on the power, the feeling of lording over his adversary (a schoolgirl, at that!). Unfortunately, he noticed that the situation wasn’t going quite as planned. Seta was fading fast under his heel.
“Hey!” He punctuated his shout with a sharp kick her forehead. “Wake the fuck up, Seta. I don’t remember saying you could take a nap.”
“I’m sorry, Adachi-san, I’ll go home. I’ll s-stop trying to be the hero, I promise.”
Yeah, right . Another kick to help her wise up.
“P-please.”
Fuck, even her whimpers of pain were cute.
“You know what?” He paused, pretending to consider her proposition. “I think there’s a few better things you can do with your mouth than lie to adults.”
With that, he leaned forward from his rusty throne and grabbed a fistful of hair.
“C’mere. What do you think I want, Seta?” He breathed in her ear. He could see the skin on her arms and chest prickle from his breath. No response, again.
“Silent treatment, huh? Now what’d I ever do to you?” He sat back, dragging her along the floor by her hair until her cheek rested against his thigh. The cheap, black fabric of his work pants stunk of sweat and sake. “I don’t think that’s any way to treat the only person standing between you and those shadows out there.”
He pressed her face against his lap. He’d have to admit—it felt good to finally be able to make this brat do what she’s told.
Crack .
“That’s gotta sting, huh?” He looked at her, sitting there slack-jawed after a good slap. “Still don’t feel like answering me?”
“Y-you want me to touch your…” She trailed off.
Adachi’s smile widened.
“Say it.”
Was the wet spot on his leg tears or saliva?
“You want me to touch you.”
So modest.
“Can’t find the words, Seta-chan? I can teach you,” he muttered, finally unzipping his trousers. He pressed his length against her face. Not that he couldn’t rub one off on the soft skin of her cheek, but he was looking for more. He could have more.
“Suck it.”
Her lips were sealed.
“Well, if you’re going to be that way,” he sighed, “I guess I’ll have to give you some motivation.”
As he tightened his grip on her hair with one hand, Adachi used the other to pinch Seta’s nose. He directed her head toward himself, pressing the his cock against her mouth.
“You’re gonna have to breathe someday, kid.”
After what felt like minutes, her lips parted, but Seta kept her jaw in place.
“We can’t have this, Seta,” he teased, smearing the saliva her relative obedience granted him around her face with the head of his dick. “See? You’re just making a mess.”
Adachi’s actions betrayed the levity of his tone. No more mister nice guy. He removed his fingers from her nose and began prying her jaw apart.
“Don’t be a bitch,” he hissed. “Open your fucking mouth. And if you even think about letting your teeth graze me,” he dug the toe of his shoe between her ribs, the same place his heel had been before. “Remember how good this feels.”
And she finally listened. “Put a little effort in, please. I can’t guarantee you’ll like what happens if you don’t.”
He tightened his grip on her hair, but let her decide how to take care of him.
“Good job, Seta-chan,” he sighed. “But use your tongue some more. You know, you’re really lucky you have an older guy to help you out with this kind of stuff. Am I right?”
She responded with some sort of small, throaty noise that he’ll call agreement, regardless of the tears running down her cheeks. It felt nice. Maybe he could get her to talk some more.
“You ever done this before? I know girls these days grow up pretty fast. I see how much you hang out with that kid, Yosuke. You ever suck him off?”
She made an angry, undignified noise around him and stopped moving. Fine. He repositioned the hand in her hair onto the back of her head and forced her head against his pelvis.
“That’s a yes,” he sneered. It was a no, but anything to watch Seta squirm below him. “As good as it feels to show you the ins and outs of sucking cock, the back of your throat is pretty nice, too.” Especially when he could feel her throat contract around him as she panicked, scrambling to free up some space for air.
He yanked her head backwards, freeing himself.
“Wasn’t that fun, Seta? One of the many perks of being an adult.”
Her eyes were swollen, but she didn’t say a word. Adachi gave her hair a warning tug. “Isn’t that right?”
“Y-yes, Adachi-san—” he took advantage of her mouth almost immediately after hearing her say his name.
“Use your tongue and suck now, Seta, I’m almost there,” he groaned. “This’ll be your favourite part, I promise.”
She complied, if only to shut him up. Not that it was any use—he doubled down over her and panted in her ear. If he was trying to make her as miserable as possible, he was doing a great job.
When he finally came, he made sure to pull back a little bit so that she could taste him. It was hot and bitter going down, but fuck it. She was done. Done with the TV World, done with Adachi, done with this. When she got out of here, she never had to see him again. Seta let out a sigh of relief.
Adachi raised an eyebrow at the girl.
“What’s that for?”
For once, she didn’t mind answering. “I mean, I did it. I touched your, uh,” she flicked her eyes toward the door, “your dick. It’s over, you’re gonna let me go now, right?”
He burst into laughter at her suggestion. When he finally calmed down, he asked her another one of his questions.
“You think I’m done?”
